Split the urscript into a header and a control loop. (#14)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ExternalControl_URCap: README.md

	* Add this URcap to a program by selecting it from the side menu under the tab _URcap_.
	* Execute the program by pressing the _play_ button in the _Program_ tab of Polyscope.

> ### Multiple URCap nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Multiple ExternalControl nodes
```

To use this URCap node multiple times in a ur program, the control script is divided into two
scripts. After receiving the script, it is divided into a header part and a control loop part. The

> header part consist of all the function deffinitions. The header is only inserted once in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
header part should consist of all the function definitions. The header is only inserted once in the 
```

> program, while the control loop is inserted for each URCap node in the program tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
program, while the rest is inserted for each ExternalControl node in the program tree.
```

To be able to distinguish between header and control loop, the header part of the script should be
encapsulated in:
```bash
# HEADER_BEGIN
Here goes the header code
# HEADER_END

> # NODE_CONTROL_LOOP_BEGINS
> Here goes the control loop code
> # NODE_CONTROL_LOOP_ENDS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here goes the control loop code
```
These anchors actually aren't used in the implementation. Which I think is good, as this would raise the question, what would happen with any code not inside any anchors.

However, I think we should remove it from the documentation, then.
